# Data

Since the scenario proposed by SemEval-2021 Task 10 is domain adaptation with no access to the source data, no annotated training set is distributed. Instead, participants are provided with models trained on that source data, the development data representing a new domain on which participants can explore domain adaptation algorithms, and the test data representing another new domain on which the participant's approaches will be evaluated.

For **negation detection**, the development data is the i2b2 2010 Challenge Dataset, a de-identified dataset of notes from Partners HealthCare, containing 2886 unlabeled train instances (entities in sentence context), and 5545 dev instances with a corresponding labeling for with negation status. The original i2b2 data set had multi-label annotations in the set Asserted, Negated, Uncertain, Hypothetical, Conditional, FamilyRelated - to align with other challenge datasets we have kept the Negated category but mapped all other categories to "Not negated." The i2b2 2010 Challenge data requires a Data Use Agreement with Partners HealthCare, in order to access the development data, participants must first obtain access through the [n2c2/DBMI Data Portal](https://portal.dbmi.hms.harvard.edu/projects/n2c2-nlp/). After downloading the 2010 data, participants can then run scripts that are in the Github repo for this task.

For **time expression recognition**, the development data is the annotated news portion of the SemEval 2018 Task 6 data. The source text is from the freely available [TimeBank](https://www.cs.york.ac.uk/semeval-2013/task1/index.php%3Fid=data.html), and the 2,000+ time entity annotations are stored in [Anafora](https://github.com/weitechen/anafora) XML format.

Participants should also [obtain access to the MIMIC III corpus](https://mimic.physionet.org/gettingstarted/access/) v1.4, as a portion of it may be used for one or both of the test sets. Access to the MIMIC data requires participants to complete a CITI "Data or Specimens Only Research" online course, and then make an online request through PhysioNet. The course takes only a couple of hours online, and access requests are typically approved within a few days.